Improve Python reference documentation (#1209)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenTimelineIO: docs/tutorials/otio-serialized-schema.md

*documentation*:

```

A time warp that applies a linear speed up or slow down across the entire clip.

```

parameters:
- *effect_name*: 
- *metadata*: 
- *name*: 

> - *time_scalar*: Linear time scalar applied to clip. 2.0 = double speed, 0.5 = half speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *time_scalar*: Linear time scalar applied to clip. 2.0 means the clip occupies half the time in the parent item, i.e. plays at double speed, 0.5 means the clip occupies twice the time in the parent item, i.e. plays at half speed.
```

*documentation*:

```

> A marker indicates a moment or range of time on an item in a timeline, usually with a name, color or other metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A marker indicates a marked range of time on an item in a timeline, usually with a name, color or other metadata. The marked range may have a zero duration. The marked range is in the owning item's time coordinate system.
```
